Leo, I'm such an asshole. I didn't know it was you.
I'm sorry, Mr. Thorpe. I mean, Mr. Brandor, I was wrong. Please don't banish me like you did, Henry.
Mr. Leo, sir, sir, I was wrong. We were so very wrong. Just please, please, please have mercy on us.
Will you give me all the money you want, sir? Just please, sir, spare us!
You think I need your money? Well, let me tell you something.
As of right now, I am confiscating all of your bank accounts.
No? No? That's our money. You can't freeze it.
No, you can't do it. You can't do it. No.
Now you can both live like the beggars that you both disdain so much. Take them out of here.
No. No, you don't have that with me.
No! I live without our money.
And you, you are banished from the Brandor group.
I'm confiscating your bank accounts as well.
No, Mr. Brandor, please, I'm begging you. Please forgive me for my foolish ignorance.
I can't be banished. I've got a lot of enemies. And those assets took me ten years to build.
Let me tell you something. I don't care if you live or die.
I didn't know you was Mr. Brandor Jr. Please forgive me, sir. Please, I was a mistake. I apologize.
You shouldn't be apologizing to me. You should be apologizing to all of the women that you've manipulated over your entire life.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I said all them nasty things to those honorable women. Please forgive me, sir.
Mr. Brandor, please, I'm begging you. It was a mistake. It was just a big mistake. You can't banish me. I won't last. They'll kill me.
That's just not possible.
No, please, sir. No. Don't move.